when Haven reached out to sponsor this
video they had my curiosity but when
they told me it was to check out their
new premium midtower case the hs420 they
had my attention oh my God cuz this
thing is sick oh my God it's so heavy
before we take a look at the case let's
see what comes in the Box we've got our
hs420 user guide we've got what looks to
be an accessory box says start here so I
probably should have started there
starting there now accessory kit yes
very good what else we got we got some
Drive sleds actually I'm not sure what
this
is we've got a bunch of zip ties and
screws velcro strap we have some little
these cable holders little cable Combs
very nice and then oh wow they gave us
gloves I've unboxed a lot of cases uh
both at work and at home and I have
never once seen a pair of gloves
included these guys they really want you
to be safe while you're building I'm not
going to say they're like the nicest
gloves I've ever put on on but uh you
know I'm sure they do whatever they're
supposed to do we've got this cool
little thank you card from The Haven
team they're a new company that are made
up of members from other case
manufacturers that you've probably heard
of like fractal NZXT Cooler Master and
you know it's their first product we're
not sure how it's going to go but it
looks
frankly pretty good they've got this
beautiful single pane curved glass piece
right here so that you're not going to
get anything in the way of looking
looking at your beautiful build as you
put it into your case they call it their
uni sheet heat form panoramic glass and
it's supposed to be flatter and got a
tighter curve radius on here I don't
know how necessary it was but it's cool
now you might be thinking to yourself
that's not a mesh front I want a mesh
front panel for airf flow well you've
got a bunch of that down here this is
all opened up for their nice bottom
intake cuz as you can see we've got
three big 140 mm fan mounts down here
normally flat but we've got the vgpu kit
version which is a bit more expensive
we'll talk about price later but that's
angled up to better kind of push the air
up so that you can get it into your
vertically mounted GPU there is a nice
oh oh that's actually really easy to
take out there's a really nice filter
here um but I don't understand why they
can't add another small grate just on
the bottom I would kind of like that
personally so that it doesn't even get
into here but you know what I think it's
going to do just fine in terms of air
flow at least because the top is also
very ventilated it's also got a ton of
ventilation on the back side panel as
well
as another big hole along the bottom in
the
front as for the top bio it's got a
really satisfying power button
click as well as two USB type A ports
one type c port and an audio jack and
the best part is you see this strap
that's not for carrying it it's way too
heavy for that it's to just lift the
whole top off like this so it's super
easy to work in and then we can still
take take both side panels off now it
ships with two screws installed onto
either
panel but if we take those off it should
be held in place magnetically oh is
there one more
screw and once you got all the screws
out it's actually held in place pretty
nicely with some
magnets so if you do want easy access
but still you know kind of held together
just don't put those screws back in when
you're reassembling it it should be okay
okay yeah it just lifts up that was easy
one thing I actually didn't notice until
just now is it's got this really nice
Haven logo on the back here it's
beautiful is there a front logo wow
actually there's like no front logo grip
here when removing panel okay so they
give you some little instructions for
that warning watch your hands and
fingers that's what the gloves are for
Handle With Care okay so this one will
come off the back no
problem Oh I used where the circles are
and it was no problem so look we're just
going to lift and
pull how oh okay I'll admit I'm
terrified of breaking this um there's
something about curved glass that just
makes me think it's even more fragile
than your standard panel but like now
that I've got pretty much everything off
this is going to be so incredibly easy
to build in like probably one of the
easiest cases I've ever built in my
entire life and it looks like if you
don't want even more obstructions you
can take it off you can take this uh
what looks to be a rad mounting or fan
mounting rack uh one minor complaint I
have oh no I don't even have that
complaint because it's just all the
sides are off I was going to be like
there's no screen on the fan but like
there is it's just not on right now and
then if you want to get even more stuff
out of the way you just take out these
two screws which are held in by these
nice little rubber mounts which is good
because this is going to vibrate cuz
it's probably for your radiator or fans
then you pull it forward and just lift
it out just like that even easier now I
can really get my whole hand into this
thing or this way or this way or this
way or this way like you're just never
going to have a problem there's also
more of them if you look at this rear
fan Mount here these are all set up with
that same kind of vibration dampening
rubber this thing is also able to fit
1140 mm fans which is a lot of air flow
and if that's not enough air flow for
you and you want some water cooling in
here it can do three 420 mm RADS that's
one here one here if you're not using
the vertical Mount cuz this is normally
flat this is an extra that we've got and
then one on what I'm guessing is the
side back here after I get rid of this
uh vgpu kit one moment please we've got
a bunch of handily labeled storage Bays
back here but if you take a look on
their website can confirm that this is
supposed to be where the third mounting
position for a 420 mm rad goes like I
know this is sponsored but I got to
appreciate that these are all marked
like Storage storage and there's more
labels that's not the only one
recommended for top fan cables they've
got little recommendations for how to
route your cables on the back here
recommended for 4x4 pin cables for your
EPS connectors for your CPU recommended
for the 24 pin like it's just got
everything you could like want if you've
never built a computer before and you
don't know where to Route all these
cables they call it their simply cable
routing system and it should offer you a
pretty you know discreet and tidy cable
management system um I like it it's got
velcro straps basically everywhere you
could want it's got a bunch of huge
cable channels that are all clearly
labeled like I said uh then you've also
got these like I have never seen rubber
grommets done like this before and it
also really explains um that box of
cable Combs that I found earlier you put
them on here and then you run your
cables through here and then you run the
Combs down through here so you can kind
of really separate everything and keep
it nice and clean and tidy the problem
with those big open grommets that I
genuinely love because I think it's
better than having an empty hole is uh
they get kind of bunched up and you
can't really control the cables within
the grommets whereas this it should be
easy enough to just like put a cable
there put a cable comb put another cable
up there put another cable comb just to
make sure nothing ever gets moved around
so your cables are always looking
pristine they're right where you want
them to be who can hate that this thing
also has a bunch of fan hubs if you
haven't noticed I mean by a bunch I mean
two but like we've got one here which
has 1 2 3 4 5 five six fans that's
pretty good and then there was yeah
right down here then we've got another
one down here for even more fans 1 2 3 4
5 six so even though this thing only
holds 11 fans they've got 12 headers
that's extra fans just throw them in
there this thing is super customizable I
love it we're going to take the storage
out so that you can fit whatever you
want maybe a 420 mm
Rad or even a vase amount I really like
this case I am so sold on this even just
this like Drive sled caddy thing this
is this is great I've never needed to
move eight drives at once before but if
I had to now I can that thing we had
earlier is a vase amount turns out and
it can go kind of like this oh kind of
like this so that you can just mount a
screen back here that's sick I can do
whatever I want all right now that we've
got this sucker taken apart it's time to
put a computer in it one moment please
we're done well mostly the cable
management while the system in the case
is actually great managing this many
fans and this much stuff is just going
to take you quite a while I'm sure it
looks beautiful when it's actually
properly cable managed but if you don't
want a cable manage because you're lazy
or like me you just don't have the time
for it this was pretty easy to stuff
everything in and just shut the case and
instead of using the magnets I screwed
it down and look it's closed it's
running we're good to go another another
thing the rubber grommets while I do
love the look of it and I love the idea
of like actually organizing and managing
everything
perfectly without planning you're going
to end up with a lot of instances where
you're like I think I want it in the
second slot and down here and then
you're going to do your cable runs and
realize oh no it doesn't work there I've
got to move it over a slot and then that
requires instead of just kind of with
the big open gromets it's really easy to
just move stuff around don't get me
wrong it looks
amazing but that takes some time the
sound dampening screws for the case fans
it was a little Annoying if you're using
140 fans to actually get the plates off
and then screw everything in without
issue for instance um because it's a
plastic screw going into rub rubber
grommet I broke one of them I just
screwed it down a little too much I
thought I had some more room and no I
was cracking the plastic it was already
seated uh so don't be like me all the
rest of them went in fine no more broke
but definitely broke the first one the
vertical mount looks great it really
does but without some proper planning
you might run into issues where you've
got to take it out and adjust something
for example I didn't do the bottom fan
and you've got to actually take this
bracket off if you want to put a 140 in
and you can't reach that unless you're
going through the vertical GPU Mount
that being said if you don't get the
vertical GPU Mount it's going to be a
pretty reasonable price at
$200 it's also going to come with
probably one of the most stylish uh GPU
anti- sag brackets I've ever seen it
actually looks pretty good and I kind of
wanted to do that version today but we
got the vertical one which retails for
$270 it's on the pricey side I'm not
going to deny that but the fact that it
comes with a pcie Gen 5 Riser it comes
with the mounting hardware for the
vertical Mount it's got this really cool
curved glass the power supply is in its
own like second chamber so there's no
air being shared between the power
Supply intake and like the GPU is just
getting everything from in here on the
bottom feeding up to here into the back
like it's it's good but out of time and
I need help reys
Rees plof was too lazy to uh do his own
Cable Management so they sent me in I'm
reys nice to meet you um let me show you
the back here these channels here are
very handy they just kind of fit in the
channels and it was very nice these um
passrs are quite nice they normally with
like The Grommet style you only have one
entry one exit so all the core is kind
of pile up at the bottom in one corner
but with these as you can see you can
kind of spread them out make them all
nice and I think just look so much
better compared to like other full-size
cases that I've built in the past I feel
like this it just it's so much better
for cable organization if I was to give
this case of rating I'd probably give it
like a N9 out of 10 it's pretty good um
I'm not usually a full-size case person
I prefer ITX smaller cases but if I was
going to go full size this would
definitely be a contender all right
that's it that's it for my thoughts uh
back that lazy
blof thanks again Haven for sponsoring
this video what do you guys think would
you buy it the hs420 you want to take
the time to Cable manage and make it
look super pretty with this sick curved
glass let us know in the comments